This gem will contain an extracted version of EachScape's OnlineStorage
and OnlineQueue classes, renamed to Online::Storage and Online::Queue,
respectively, but otherwise maintaining the existing API.

The goal of this gem is to make it easy for external contractors to
build an EachScape-compatible development environment, and to make
it easier to decouple various worker daemons.

== Configuration

The following sources of information are automatically used to configure
this gem:

<code>ENV['AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID']</code>:: Amazon credentials (required).
<code>ENV['AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY']</code>:: Amazon credentials (required).
<code>ENV['ONLINE_BUCKET_PREFIX']</code>::
  By default, bucket names will begin with 'com.eachscape'.  If you're
  using your own S3 credentials, you will want to set this to something
  based on your own domain name, such as 'com.example'.
<code>ENV['USER']</code>::
  This will be appended to certain bucket names in the development environment.
<code>Rails.env</code>::
  If present, this will be used to determine the environment name.  If absent,
  it defaults to 'development'.

You can also override the bucket prefix or the environment using Ruby code:

  Online.env = 'production'
  Online.bucket_prefix = 'com.example'

== Mock implementation for testing

If you're writing unit tests, and you want to use a mock implementation of
the Online gem, you can call:

  Online.mock_storage_directory = Rails.configuration.storage_root
  Online.mock!

This will allow you to run unit tests without touching S3.  To run this
once before loading any unit tests, put it in
<code>test/support/mock_online.rb</code> (at least on newer versions of
Rails).

To turn off mocking, call:

  Online.mock!(false)

You may turn mocking off and on as often as you'd like.
